January
January 16, 2020
Important Notice - Proposed Regulatory Amendments
In an effort to be more responsive to regional labour market and employer needs, remove administrative barriers and support employer access to the program across Ontario, the Ministry of Economic Development, Job Creation and Trade is proposing amendments to:
Ontario Regulation 422/17 (General)
The amendments are now posted on Ontario’s Regulatory Registry for public consultation for a period of 45 calendar days.
Proposed Amendments to Ontario Regulation 422/17 (General) a Minister’s Regulation made under the Ontario Immigration Act, 2015
We encourage you to provide feedback on these proposed changes during the consultation period which will end on March 2nd, 2020.
January 15, 2020
Tech Draw: Issuance of Notifications of Interest under Ontario’s Express Entry Human Capital Priorities Stream
On January 15, 2020, the Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program (OINP) issued targeted Notifications of Interest (NOIs) to candidates who may qualify for Ontario’s Express Entry Human Capital Priorities (HCP) Stream. If you received a NOI, you do not need to contact the program.
The OINP targeted candidates with a CRS between 460 and 472, and work experience in the following NOC codes:
2173 Software engineers and designers
2174 Computer programmer and interactive media developers
2147 Computer engineers
2175 Web designers and developers
2172 Database analysts and data administrators
0213 Computer and information systems managers
To be eligible for nomination, applicants must demonstrate work experience in one of the eligible NOC codes. Your application may be refused if you do not demonstrate work experience in one of the eligible NOC codes.
Through this dedicated approach, we’re helping to make it easier for businesses in the technology sector to recruit top talent from around the world.
To ensure that this initiative meets the needs of Ontario employers, we engaged with stakeholders across the province through a survey and face-to-face consultations. This helped us choose priority occupations for the targeted technology occupations draws.
For more information on this initiative, please visit the OINP Tech Draw page.
January 9, 2020
Important Notice
Issuance of Notifications of Interest under Ontario’s Express Entry French-Speaking Skilled Worker stream
On January 9, 2020 the Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program (OINP) issued Notifications of Interest (NOIs) to candidates who may qualify for Ontario’s Express Entry French-Speaking Skilled Worker stream.
To manage demand, NOIs were issued to candidates who had a Comprehensive Ranking Score (CRS) between 433 and 472.
If you received a NOI, you do not need to contact the program. Please visit the French-Speaking Skilled Worker stream webpage for information about program criteria and how to apply.
January 2, 2020
Important Notice
The Ontario Immigrant Nominee Program has reached its increased 2019 nomination allocation and has started to notify successful applicants. The OINP has issued a total of 7350 nominations to successful applicants across all streams in 2019, including the 700 additional nominations received through an in-year reallocation. An additional 41 nominations were issued for temporary foreign workers in intermediate skilled occupations (National Occupation Classification (NOC) – Skill Level C) through the federal government’s NOC C initiative.
New applications, and applications which have already been submitted to the OINP, will continue to be accepted and considered under the OINP’s 2020 nomination allocation.
You can check the status of your application at any time through the OINP e-Filing Portal.
Please monitor this OINP Updates page for news, announcements and program developments.
